hi there it's Rebecca Derek's with
premier guitar com where winter namm
2010 checking out gilt American
acoustics and a special run you guys got
today right yes we are showcasing all of
our fine USA guilds here today some
great features on our USA models include
things such as Adirondacks spruce tops
at standard features on many of our
acoustic models all the ones you're
you're looking at right there those
small body models which a lot of a lot
of d a lot of manufacturers up charge
for we offer that as a standard feature
on our USA not all models but but most
of our USA models we also offer
adirondack spruce racing on all models
whether it has a red spruce top or a
sick a spruce top so that's a feature
that again a lot of manufacturers up up
charge for significantly and we offer
that as a standard feature we think it
makes it a huge difference tone whys and
the guitars and it's just makes for a
really really great premium sounding
instrument so as you standing here
you're seeing you're seeing some us a
small body guitars are f 47 models there
which we offer in a rosewood version and
also a maple version really great great
small body guitar that has a deeper body
to it really very versatile could be a
strummers instrument to be a great
fingerstyle instrument as well a very
compact focus sound fantastic for a lot
of different styles and as he's going
along here you'll also come to our
iconic d55 model the one that most
people would associate with guild
anytime I talk to somebody about healed
products it's always the t-55 that's the
one so we're well known for the D 55
that's the new version right there
that's an antique burst finish just a
beautiful all-around guitar and a
classic historic model also here we have
our jumbo models in 12 string and
six-string formats we're also very well
known for our twelve-string guitars of
course the guild 12 string has set the
standard industry standard for
twelve-string guitars and just see
some of our fine USA selections here we
have those available in maple back
inside guitars and also rosewood 12
strings and also our 6th string Jumbo's
down there at the bottom as he's panting
again no very well known for all of our
jumbo models both 6 and 12 strings
available with maple backs and sides or
rosewood backs and sides just all-around
beautiful guitar is very well balanced
for bigjumbo guitars as we come as he
comes along over here you'll see we'll
see this piece here this is a special
run guitar that we're doing for the namm
show very exclusive piece this is an F
50 guitar as you saw some of our jumbo
cesare f50 format with with all custom
appointments this has a engelmann spruce
top on it very high-grade engelmann
spruce with khoa also alcoa back and
sides on it something we've never really
done in production before so it's a very
special run this also has every
fingerboard and bridge with custom
mother-of-pearl inlays on it as you see
the little g logo there at the 12th fret
also has a co ahead cap on it which is a
very unique feature as you see most of
our models have a dark or black ebony
head cap so that's a very unique feature
as well this also has custom made tuners
on it these have the white ivoroid
buttons with the g shield the guild g
shield engraved in the buttons so that's
also another custom feature that we
don't do on standard production models
just a beautiful all-around guitar I've
Roy body binding abalone rosettes what
they call Parisian I bridge pins this
has a pearl dot in the middle with salt
with gold around the actual pearl so
beautiful unique custom features on this
guitar and of course a custom back strip
as well so this is a limited edition run
that we're doing here for the show just
beautiful all around guitar probably be
about a 20 piece run where these made
these are made in our Factory in New
Hartford Connecticut our new factory
over there's guys doing a fantastic job
guitars are incredible made some great
refinements to him to to continue to
build the finest guilt guitar as we can
and we're getting great feedback from
all of our dealers and consumers about
these guitars and we hope you'll go to
your local dealer and try one out or
visit wwl Qatar's calm for more
information on these guitars and where
you can find him well thanks a lot day
for showing us around today appreciate
it thank you sir Rebecca Dirk's with
Premier Guitar calm and winter name 2010